Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I want to go over what the Lord showed me real fast yesterday about the towers.
There was a lot the Lord showed us yesterday, son.
I want to show you this article real quick from Russia and what they said they want to do.
It’s interesting.
I told you Venezuela and Russia will become friends in the days ahead.
I've told you this over and over again.
I said Venezuela will be handed a lifeline from Russia to join the BRICS—to join the superpowers of the world because of oil and Venezuela and the visions in the past.
I said they will back Russia's oil reserves and the things going on with Russia for their economy, and this would be an extension to them.
So we see Russia saying today that they're open to sending hypersonic missiles to Venezuela.
I wonder why?
Well, because I told you in the visions yesterday that I saw that the Venezuelan prime minister will end up being a Saddam Hussein, and it will be like it was in Iraq; it would be its type and shadow.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
So now we also see that election anxiety triggers a $100 million wave of NYC buyers heading south.
People want to head south.
People are wanting to leave New York.
And I told you what I saw.
It wouldn't just be New York.
In the days ahead, I saw Pennsylvania, I saw a lot of upper East states—far Northeast states—would start to migrate.
The Christian families in those states, and non-Christians, trying to leave those areas saying, 'We want to relocate.
We're done.
' And so I saw a lot of that happening over the next year or two, people trying to really flee those areas because of riots there and because of all the things that the Lord has showed me.
You know, I know we can stop a lot of this through prayer.
We're going to pray, but I know that a lot of people are wanting to seek a better opportunity for their families, especially in school districts and liberals.
And especially, isn't it interesting how that man came out so strong about who he really is?
And that's the reason for the title of the video today: 'You'll get what you asked for, but it's not what you thought.
' And that's to the people of New York.
You'll get it.
I saw him winning and I even saw him standing in New York Times Square as I saw the flash of light with the two men standing there from CNN, and that man was standing on stage at the New Year's Eve thing.
I thought that was interesting because I knew he'd win.
I told Braden, 'You know, even in the prophetic words, I told you all I was saying that basically New York's in trouble.
' And I saw what David Wilkerson had prophesied was going to start to come to pass.
The things that we have seen will start to pan out over the city of New York.
A lot of people, it's going to be a ground of great testing and shaking.
So, like I said, I don't come on here trying to bring fear, but I try to tell you what's coming and what the Lord has showed us.
I'm going to go over the building that I saw, and it wasn't the Hudson.
In my mind, I only see the Hudson River because I thought that was the only river, out of ignorance of what flows through New York.
But it's the East River.
So in the vision last night, I saw the East River, which my son said, 'The Hudson's over here, Daddy.
The East River is right here.
' So in the vision, I'm seeing the East River, and I called out the Hudson.
So that's my mistake.
I'm going to tell you that immediately.
The East River is right here.
I see Central Park up here.
I see the East River and I see the building that's all glass.
That was a strategic location for this attack that I saw.
In between the East River and the garden is one of Trump's towers.
And when I was looking at the building on fire, it was on the northeastern side.
The fire and the explosion exploded all the way around and it caught the whole thing.
It looked like 9/11 with the plane, but I don't know what caused the fire.
I still don't, as I'm praying into this, but this is something that I want you to pray with me because I believe what the Lord showed me: I saw people on barges shooting some kind of rocket launcher or some kind of man-made device at this building.
Well, this building is close enough to that river; it's right there.
And as I was looking at everything on fire up top, if you go back to the prophetic word, the word of the Lord said, 'This is a distraction.
This is not the main event; this is a distraction from what they're really going to try to do.
' And as I was praying into this last night, the Lord showed me—because I was asking him, 'Lord, show us the date'—and he said, 'You ask a lot.
' He doesn't want me to share that kind of stuff on YouTube.
So he took me because he knows I love George Washington Carver and the book 'The Man Who Talks to the Flowers.
' It's one of my favorite books.
George Washington Carver asked, 'Show me what's about the peanut.
' He goes, 'Go back and ask smaller, simpler questions.
You're asking too much of a complex question.
' He was saying, 'You need to think different.
Go at this a different way.
' It was the way he talked to George Washington Carver because I said, 'Lord, I want a deeper relationship with you.
I want to hear you more intimately.
I want to have more fellowship.
' So here we are.
We're going to pray tonight.
I pray about the buildings.
I pray about what I saw about Japan and South Korea and the Sooners.
I went over that and I tried to tell you all about the Sooners and about the groundbreaking for Japan to have a crypto-backed currency that was backed by a certain cryptocurrency that would be part of their portfolio.
It was the same thing with South Korea.
In the days ahead, you would see Japan and South Korea become more crypto-friendly.
Then the Lord had us praying over Iraq and he showed me the three men again.
I saw the hydrocarbon law, the HCL, and Article 140.
Praying over Article 140 for the distribution of wealth to the people of Iraq so that these three men that are hoarding the money from Iraq would reinstate their currency and bring it back to the way it should be for the Iraqi people.
There are many avenues, in my opinion, that God wants to use to establish wealth for His people.
There are many avenues.
Now, I know there are many scams and things the enemy has tried to use to snare people, but I believe legitimately that God will reveal secret things, hidden things, and treasures of the deep to establish wealth for His people so that we don't lack any good thing.
Do I believe that could be the Iraqi dinar?
I have prayed over it for a long time.
That is not investment advice; I'm not telling you to buy it.
I'm just telling you I have prayed over the Iraqi dinar a lot, and the Lord has me interceding for that because there's great corruption in the country.
It's not always about the people becoming filthy rich; it's about establishing a better tomorrow for the people of Iraq, too.
They live in poverty and destitute situations.
These people need some relief.
They can't even have electricity on all the time because of how bad it is over there.
Our troops are still over there, and we pray for them.
There are a lot of things involving our bases, but there are just a lot of things the Lord has me praying over.
One of the things I was interceding for last night was Rockefeller Center this month.
In the next couple of weeks, for the lighting of the tree when everybody gets together at Rockefeller Center, usually right after Thanksgiving.
We pray over that, New Year's Eve, and for the parade.
There are a lot of major events taking place in the next four or five weeks.
The building I believe the Lord showed me last night was Trump Tower.
That's just the way it looked to me.
Now, it could have been Central Park Tower or something like that, but there was another tower that looked very similar.
It's all right next to that big river and Central Park.
All I know is the enemy has a plan, but God has a greater plan.
We are able to see Central Park Tower; it's a beautiful building.
I'll tell you this: it was the 40th floor.
I probably said too much, but that's the number that came up in my spirit when I was praying.
Why the 40th floor?
If Homeland Security ever sees this, I know I have people watching me all the time now.
It was the 40th and 41st floors.
That's what the Lord said to me; I heard that very loud.
I thought that was interesting.
Hopefully, that will help somebody praying over our TSA.
We need the people who check the bags at the airports to get back to work before the Thanksgiving break.
We need them working; we need our government back open.
I saw that because people weren't working and there was a gap, they would try to pull something off in this timeframe.
South Korea—the Lord showed that South Korea would be a place where you can touch down and then distribute the gospel throughout all of Asia.
The enemy would try to come in and cause havoc in South Korea with communism and try to disrupt the flow of the gospel.
It is about to take place that it would be an end-time hub, along with Taiwan.
That's why they're being picked on so much, because they're more free.
The Lord showed me we must pray for Taiwan and South Korea to remain strong and be pillars in this end-time army spreading the gospel into North Korea, China, and Vietnam.
It's a great place because, with Dr.
Cho and other churches there, it's a hub to bring forth the gospel throughout Asia.
The Lord showed me that the enemy was trying to get a stronghold in their government to transform it into communism, like North Korea and China.
That was interesting.
Two weeks ago in Europe, 40,000 SIM cards were found.
I knew they were establishing something in Europe.
I don't know if this is part of a terrorist organization, but it's interesting that Homeland Security is busting these people with 40,000 cards.
They're ransacking their stuff.
It's a network of communication.
Do you understand this is encrypted?
This is well-thought-out, but there are four other places in America just like the New York and New Jersey area where they found over 100,000.
The Lord said there are four other areas in America—cities like Seattle—that have a network of this.
I thought it was interesting as we prayed that there were more SIM cards, similar to what happened in New York back in September.
When they raided before the UN meetings, there were 100,000 SIM cards.
The Lord said there are more SIM cards in other apartment buildings across the United States for an underground communication system.
I'm praying our people will find these buildings or apartment complexes and bring these people to justice.
It's well-funded, obviously.
So let's pray tonight.
I won't keep you long.
I tried to keep it shorter so you could pray longer with me.
Father, we thank You for the body.
We thank You for all You've done and continue to do to uncover the darkness in the United States and around the world.
I thank You for the glorious light, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
I thank You for Your mercy and how good You've been to us.
Thank You for the Holy Spirit and fire in our lives, that You stir us up from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet, and out of our bellies will flow rivers of living water.
I thank You for the anointing of the Holy Ghost that flows inside us and reaches the lost.
I thank You that we are the light right now and that when people see us, they are attracted.
They say, "What's different about them?
" We're not just normal; we're church unusual.
We're unusual, but we stay full.
That was the main thing the Lord said today: "Tell my people to stay full in these end times.
" They must remain full of the word of God and my presence.
They cannot afford in the natural to let their cup not run over.
They must have a conscience like a drive.
How bad do you want this?
How hungry and desperate are you to remain full in these last days?
It's not just going to happen; you're going to have to put some effort into it.
The Lord said people must remain full.
So, Father, I thank you that we are a people remaining full—not just full of what, but filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit and the word of God, so that we have an overflow and when people see us, they see Jesus in us.
I thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost and fire.
Father, you are causing us to go up higher with the fire and the glory of the Lord.
We take the body, Father, and lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we are healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
We apply the blood over our households, our children, my wife, my children, our finances, our home, our car, and whatever we may have.
I plead the blood even over the dogs.
I thank you, Lord, that whatever we put our hands to will prosper.
Father, if there's government employees watching this tonight, I thank you that you're their great supply.
If they've been laid off right now and they don't have jobs because of the government shutdown in America, I thank you, Father, that you will supply for them.
They'll lack no good thing.
I thank you, Lord, for your supernatural hand on this house, your goodness, and your mercy.
We plead the blood over their homes and they will fear not, for you are with them.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Go tell your mama to come here.
Thank you, son.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
We thank you for the blood; we make much of the blood.
I want you to pray with me.
Help bring some push.
I thank you for the blood.
I hear you.
Come over here and sit by me.
"Baby, I don't have makeup on right now.
" It does not matter; you're beautiful no matter what.
We take the blood and apply it, and the blood makes much of us.
Go around the other side.
Okay.
We take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Your holy blood, Father.
We thank you for the blood right now.
Amen and amen.
You take the blood.
There you go, sit right there by me.
She said, "I don't have any makeup on; I don't want to do this.
" I said, "Well, no, I didn't say I didn't want to do this, silly.
" She looks beautiful regardless.
I told her, "Come over here with or without makeup, I don't care.
It's fine.
" "You want a drink?
" "No, I'm good.
" Is she in the shot?
Come on over.
I'll just stay over here.
Oh, Father, we just thank you for the blood.
I depend on her a lot.
She helps me push.
I feel her when she's here and when she's not.
I'm struggling tonight a little, and I told her I need my friend.
"I'll help you.
" Yes.
Well, we've got work to do.
There are a lot of times when you're pushing like this in the spirit realm—like yesterday, that was a lot of heavy lifting—and I got to get more full.
That's why he said in the car, when I was in there, "Tell my people to remain full.
" I was out there vacuuming out Megan's stuff for food, and he said, "They're not remaining full enough.
" So I took that; he was talking to me, too.
He said, "Tell my people to remain more full.
Get more full in the word.
Get more full of my presence.
You cannot operate halfway full, empty, or even a quarter full from the top.
You must always remain full for what's coming.
You cannot be effective in this spirit realm by being just a little bit full, where you might be a quarter of the way to the top.
" The Lord said, "You must remain full.
" That's what he was saying.
I thought that was interesting as we came home from church tonight and I was praying over everything.
Even what Pastor Chip was talking about...
I don't want to misquote him because he'll say I didn't pay attention, but I did pay attention.
He was talking about when he went to Missouri and got a new revelation of the word.
Now my mind went blank about what he said, and that's embarrassing as all get-out.
So if you're watching, Pastor Chip, I was listening and now I'm going to get scolded for not paying attention in class.
Help me, Holy Spirit; I'm just tired.
Father, I just thank you.
He talked about Mark Hankins and everything else tonight.
I remember hearing everything he was saying, and then he called on me—probably because I put my head on your shoulder and he thought I was trying to go to sleep—and he said, "Brandon, do you remember this?
" I said, "Yes, sir, I remember it.
" He goes, "How many times does the Lord talk to you in a week?
" I said, "Well, he talks to me almost every day.
" You see, Brandon gets to talk to the Lord every day.
I was putting my head on Diana's shoulder like that, and he probably thought I was falling asleep in church.
But I wasn't; I was listening.
I was just loving my wife.
I love the Lord and I love having fun.
If you can't have fun in church, then why go?
You got to have fun and enjoy life.
Life is too short not to laugh a little.
I told D, "We need to laugh more.
" You find something fun and enjoy watching something together and just laughing.
Life is so serious and sober, the grind of life, trying to make money to pay bills and raising kids.
You just want to have fun.
Just laugh a little bit.
Have an ice cream.
Is my shirt see-through?
No, because the green's green and I'm wearing green.
Are you in the forest?
I didn't know if I was a floating head because I have this green on today and there's a green screen.
Diana has a green screen shirt on.
I just wondered if I was a floating head.
Good to know.
Well, if she can wear that, I'll wear one of my green shirts.
It depends on how dark it is.
If it's bright, then I put the blue on because I was wearing green.
I love green, but I don't wear it anymore because I wear a green screen and I'll be a part of the forest.
All right.
We've got to be serious here.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
We just worship you, Father.
And we thank you, Father, that we remain full.
Thank you for our pastors.
Thank you, Father, for people who feed us spiritually.
Thank you, God, for all the people that you've put in leadership and positions of authority over the body of Christ.
Father, we raise up and we become bolder about who we are and what we're called to do.
Thank you, Father, for this position of leading people in prayer.
I can't do it without you, Father; I can't do any of this without you.
You know, I say it all the time: without the Holy Spirit spark, we can't do anything without Jesus.
We need him, that Holy Ghost fire.
It's okay, son.
That's too much noise.
Father, I thank you for the Holy Ghost and fire, for the glory of the Lord rising up on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every person represented here tonight, for that fire and that Holy Ghost spark inside of them.
Father, when they go into their jobs or whatever they're called to do—they could be a security guard, they could be a nurse, or a doctor—I thank you, Father, that they're the best at what they do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for that anointing that is to get the job done.
Father, you teach us all things.
That's what he was talking about tonight: that, Father, he teaches us in all things.
He will teach us and we will be the best.
But it's not just about the word; we would be educated about all things.
The Holy Spirit will teach us all things, all truth, all blessing, all of it, so that we don't lack any good thing.
And I thank you, Father, that that's the kind of God we serve.
They may be a tractor mechanic and they'll be the greatest tractor mechanic that's ever been.
I don't know why I said that, but I believe I saw a tractor mechanic when I was praying right there in the vision: somebody working on a John Deere tractor.
I saw the John Deere tractor and they were working on the engine.
Isn't that interesting?
And I'm not thinking about it because of green shirts, but it really was: I saw a green John Deere tractor and they were working on it.
To be the best mechanic there is or the best aircraft mechanic, why not be the best at anything?
All that you do, in word and in deed, we are to give all to the glory of God.
All that we do, we do unto him.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's the kind of people we are in these last days.
We don't just sit back and go, 'Well, you know what?
' I told her we had one person who emailed and they had 666 in their email address.
And I thought they're bold about being a devil worshiper.
They're trying to tell us they're devil worshipers.
I get that.
But we're bold about being with Jesus.
And we have maybe 777 in ours.
I don't know.
I guess that's God's number if they want to say 666 is theirs.
But people are—you know what?
You stand by what you believe.
I guess if that's what you want to believe, you're believing the wrong thing.
You're going to hell.
But I want to tell you, I'm bold about Jesus just as much as you try to be bold about the devil.
Or the people that try to come on here and tell everybody that they're giving five dollars because they're Muslim.
We thank you for your five dollars, but you're still going to hell.
I mean, I'm just saying if you don't know Jesus Christ, the only way you're ever going to get to heaven is through the Lord Jesus Christ.
No Muhammad, not Buddha, not any other kind of false god.
The only way to heaven is through the Lord Jesus Christ.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Jesus is the only way.
I don't care how much you come on and say, 'Hey, let me give you five dollars.
' Put your name up and say, 'Allah is getting you to heaven.
' Allah isn't getting you into heaven.
I'm sorry, but it is not going to get you to heaven.
To the man in New York saying he's going to put Islam in every household in America: good luck because you aren't doing it to mine.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
You aren't putting your garbage down my throat, telling me I've got to have Sharia law.
We aren't having Sharia law up in here, Oklahoma or Texas.
Your nonsense is nonsense.
And the people will catch on to your lies, sir.
And eventually they'll oust you just like they do everybody else.
This is nonsense.
'Well, we'll have Sharia law.
' You aren't going to have any Sharia law up in here.
We're a Christian nation.
We're not Muslim.
We've got to have a million christians.
He called it Islamophobic.
I said, 'We're not Muslim.
We're not afraid of you.
We don't have Islamophobia.
We just know you.
We know your stuff is trash and what you say is a lie.
And who you're serving is a false god who's dead.
We serve a risen savior and his name is Jesus Christ and he's seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me right now.
Yours is not.
He's in hell burning forever.
That's where your god is.
He's in hell.
He's false.
Our God is the only God and he reigns supreme over all of them.
They're all false and it's all demonic spirits.
And we have the risen savior, Jesus Christ, who died for you and he rose again for you.
And he doesn't want you to go to hell.
He wants you to get born again and get saved.
But it's time people get bold.
If they want to be bold about what they believe in their Sharia law, we have to become even bolder and have our cup overflowing with the word of God in these last days.
If you don't stand for something, you're going to lose it all.
You must stand as a believing believer in these last days or you're going to have that kind of trash being forced down your throat and your kids in school telling them this is the way to go.
I beg to differ with you.
I'm telling you folks, we're in a time like we've never seen before that the church has got to become more radical for Jesus and stand for something.
The political correctness has got to end where, 'Well, we don't want to offend people because it's not politically correct to become bold.
' Well, they're praying so loud on their loudspeaker and going in the background and the church gets in trouble if we turn up our stuff too.
Well, we don't want to say it on social media because now you offend them and you're going to go to jail in Europe.
A little bit more compromise because the church becomes a little bit more quiet, a little bit more passive, a little bit more weak.
But I guarantee you that George Washington, if he were back right now and he saw where some things are, he would roll over in his grave.
He'd go, 'Oh no.
' Seriously, our founding fathers would literally have a fit and flip out for some of the stuff that's going on right now and say, 'What are you all doing?
' and slap every single one of them.
But yet the church goes, 'It's okay.
' No, no, we've got to accept everybody.
I'm not saying we don't pray for them and we love on them, but we don't accept the sin.
What is it about acceptance?
No, sin leads you to hell.
People need to wake up.
Sin leads you to hell.
Period.
People don't want to hear that.
But I'm telling you now, I'm surprised I have 5,500 people on here right now.
People get mad, want to leave.
'Hey, I'm out of here because you tell me sin takes me to hell.
' It's the truth.
And it's my job to tell somebody what the word says and you don't want to hear it.
That's fine.
But at least I told you.
Your blood's not on my hands.
But it made me so upset when I heard his closing speech last night of what he said over the New York people and where he's at.
And I thought, that's America.
That's us.
That's not too far from here.
That's only a couple thousand miles away, but yet...
Well, we don't want to speak out too much.
And I thought, as he said, it sounds like a supervillain off a Batman movie.
It did.
It sounds like somebody in a Superman movie.
You know, like whenever you hear the villain up there talking and he's telling all the people with his grandeur and he has the evil plan.
Like Spider-Man, he has it behind him and he's the guy in the back planning some kind of mass evil plan to hurt everybody and he's talking about the City of Gotham and you're going, 'We've got a modern-day supervillain up there.
' But this is not a movie.
This is America.
This is the land I love.
This is the place I pray for every day of my life.
And I thought, what are y'all thinking?
They're not.
They have a reprobate mind full of the devil.
Why?
Because the church isn't radical enough.
They got scared and they shrunk back.
And well, you know, it's not politically correct to always do that.
And I'm just saying, well, a little leaven ruins the whole lump.
A little leaven, just a little bit, and after a while, we see what happens up north.
And I pray—that's why the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, it's trying to come down on Oklahoma.
Remember my word that the Lord gave y'all through me.
' He said it will have a dividing line from Altus, Oklahoma to Miami, and it will be divided with the next governor's race.
It will be blue and red.
It will be a fight to stay red.
You must pray for Oklahoma.
That's what he said.
For a state that's predominantly red and has very moral values, all this will try to go blue in the next race.
And I went, 'Very conservative.
' And I thought, 'No way.
We'll never see that.
No way.
' And the Lord's warning about it.
He said, 'Pray.
Pray over Arkansas.
Pray over Louisiana.
Pray over Texas.
Pray over these states.
Pray over this state that we remain the heartland of America, of the Bible Belt.
And we stand for it.
And we're radically born again in this area.
And this is a place of refuge for the end times.
' I'm telling you, I've seen the people by the millions here coming for the revivals.
Stand for Jesus.
We must stand for Jesus.
As bold as they are for Muhammad, we must stand for Jesus.
They're radical about their prayer.
They're radical about what they believe.
They treat their women, put them in head coverings, and they do all things.
But we must become radical about Jesus.
I'm not talking about being violent like they would be.
I'm saying you must become radical about your belief and stand for what you believe.
Jesus is Lord.
Jesus is Lord over America.
Jesus is Lord over Oklahoma.
Jesus is Lord over Tulsa and Oklahoma City and Edmond.
Jesus is Lord over Texas and Fort Worth and Dallas and wherever you are.
Jesus is Lord.
I proclaim it and I'm bold about it.
Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Jesus is Lord over Queensland, Australia.
Jesus is Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we just thank you that you're Lord.
And I thank you for that fire.
I was seeing a man as I was driving by today and he was demon-possessed and he was off his rocker.
I said, 'Father, I thank you for greater fire.
I thank you for the greater fire for these people.
' They need Jesus.
They need help, boldness, and more confidence, more of that bulldog faith that when we touch people, they will get free by the power of the blood of Jesus, by what he did on that cross.
Father, as he is, so are we in this world.
Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And if he was healing the sick 2,000 years ago, he'll heal the sick today because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever.
But, Father, it's the anointing that destroys the yoke.
It's the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power.
It's the anointing that came to set the captives free.
And that's what the people are needing right now.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that we're anointed and appointed for such a time as this.
Every single person that's represented here tonight, Father, has that fire shut up in their bones.
That Holy Ghost fire that's shut up in their bones.
Father, that there's that fire, that Holy Ghost fire, that Holy Ghost presence.
The greatest move of God is on this last generation, more than we've ever seen before.
But it will be by the fire of the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Father, for a fresh touch of the fire.
We thank you, Lord, for a fresh touch of the anointing of the Holy Ghost that you stir in the people, Father, that out of their belly shall flow rivers of living water.
Lord, that we become bolder, yet not shrinking back in intimidation.
We take authority over the spirit of intimidation over this generation.
And we thank you, Lord, that we rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and we take the land for you.
And we don't say we're the size of grasshoppers because they're the giants, Father.
But we see and we run toward that Goliath and say, 'Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he tries to defy the armies of the living God?
' Like Pastor Chip said tonight about that.
That's covenant talking.
An uncircumcised man was not a man of covenant.
Men of covenant were circumcised before the Lord.
It's just like David's covenant talk when they did that, and Abraham and all that.
That was a sign of covenant that God was with them.
God was with them and he is in them.
He's around them.
He is with us.
If God be for us, who can be against us?
Who is this uncircumcised devil in hell that tries to defy the armies of the living God?
We are the children of the living God.
We have a covenant with God.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
I just believe that God is for me.
He's in me.
He's all around me.
He's in my children.
He's in my wife.
And last night he said, 'I'm sending my angels for angelic aid and assistance.
' It's time to believe him for bigger church services, for a bigger harvest of people coming into church, where you say, 'Well, I've only got a little bit in our church.
' No, we're believing there's going to be standing room only.
Why?
Not because of me, but because of the Holy Ghost in me.
Because they come to get set free.
Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee.
In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise and walk.
If the disciples did it, how much more can we do it?
I believe that we can do it.
I don't believe that the miracle-working power of God died with the last disciple.
It's still a fire shut up in my bones.
And you just got to have that switch.
A believing believer that doesn't shrink back.
I thank you, Father, that you're no respecter of persons and what you do for one, my friend Billy Burke, you'll do for us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that when we lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
We will cast out devils in your name; we will raise the dead.
The blinded eyes will see, the deaf ears will open.
And I believe that the lame will leap, the tongues will speak, whatever it takes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are being called for such a time as this.
We don't shrink back anymore and lose any more cities to the devil, Lord, like New York.
We should be outraged that we have a Muslim speaking that trash from the platform saying he's going to make every household a Muslim nation.
No, you will not.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
As for me and my house, we will never have Sharia law.
Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and he is King of Kings.
The very freedoms you take for granted, if you don't stand for them, you'll lose them.
The very freedoms you take for granted, church, if you don't stand up for them and hold on to them, you'll lose them.
"Oh, that'll never happen.
" Ask England right now.
What's happening?
Digital ID is coming.
Do you understand?
It just takes a little bit of a crack of compromise.
You must stand for what's right.
We have an election again.
And you know, people say, "Are you shocked they went all blue?
Should it have been such a majority?
Can we always just claim that they cheated?
" Oh, they cheated.
Or is that the culture?
It's a good cop-out.
They cheated.
We know they cheated.
Every one of them cheated.
They cheated.
Let's just blame it on the cheaters.
Well, they cheated then and they won.
They won by a landslide, but they cheated.
Are you serious?
We're going to use that every single time now?
I mean, I don't doubt that they did it the first time with Trump.
I mean, we could obviously see that Sleepy Joe didn't win that, but we can't always say it from now on out, could we?
Or is it the culture of America that's changing because the culture is not being taught the word of God?
We don't even have computer screens to vote here; we fill out a ballot and we put it in the thing in Oklahoma.
I have such an urgency to tell you we must become saltier.
We must have spiritual stretch marks.
If the salt is what makes them thirsty, we have to become saltier.
Have you lost your saltiness?
I have to ask you, have you lost your saltiness?
You have to remain salty.
Don't lose your saltiness in these last days.
It's what makes us drink.
It's what draws them in and makes them drink.
When you taste salty things, it makes you thirsty.
"Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and I'll give you rest.
" He is the living water.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you all, I just have such a stirring inside.
We must remain salty.
We must remain full in these last days or we'll have people up like that one in Oklahoma and you're going to go, "What happened in Tulsa?
" Somebody, the mayor of Tulsa coming out—he's a Democrat—but I'm saying, imagine having a Democrat that was like that man in Tulsa.
Don't take it for granted.
Stand for what you believe in and vote and pray and believe God.
But not only that, change the culture of your city by preaching the gospel and telling them of the good news that Jesus Christ died for them, and lay hands on the sick and cast out devils and raise the dead.
You say, "Well, I haven't seen that.
" Well, you've got to get on your face.
What is Kathryn Kuhlman saying today about the one we listened to about prayer?
Yes.
She was talking about having a relationship with the Lord, talking to Him.
But she said being quiet, learning to just be still.
She said, "Be still and know," as the scripture says.
"Be still and know," and don't "be still and don't know.
" Be still and know that I am God.
She said, "You must be still.
You have to learn a place of being still.
Be still and know that He is God.
" In a society that's filled with distractions, we have this to-go mentality that everything has to be instant and we're always making lists in our mind of things that we have to do and we don't take time to just be still.
And so she was talking about how on days when she was just praying, praying, praying, and then she would go to sleep and wake up in the middle of the night and just have the answer because she was still when she was sleeping.
She said it will come at a time when you're out of the way.
When you learn to just—prayer is just listening, and to listen, you be still.
And then she talked about how just as the moon reflects best on a calm sea, it doesn't reflect when the sea is raging.
So we must learn to quiet our minds.
Quiet.
Be quiet.
She said it a lot better than me.
No, you said it good, baby.
She was talking about how we're in a hurry to go nowhere.
And she said so many people are so disrespectful.
She watched this man in there—she said, "I eat out almost every meal"—and she said, "I sat down and I watched this man get up and he went, 'Waiter!
I want my drink filled.
I want a drink.
'" He had been there for less than a couple of seconds.
She said he had nowhere to be, but he was so disrespectful the way he was.
She was talking about treating people good.
It was a really good sermon.
But I love the way she was talking about prayer—that there's a place of communion with God.
There's a place of communion with God when He communicates to you and you communicate to Him.
See, you ask Him and you ask Him for something all the time, but He's asking something of you and you're not giving it to him.
She said, "You give yourself completely and He gives Himself completely.
" She says when you trust Him, that He has your best interest in mind, and when you come to Him in prayer, you give and He gives.
But she said a lot of people just come to prayer and they say "give me, give me" instead of giving; they never give to God of themselves.
Where you meet each other, where your will becomes His will.
It's not just about you asking for all your needs.
It's about what is He asking of you?
Because it becomes a greater covenant in prayer.
There's a different level of prayer.
And that went along identically to what he was telling me about the tunes and the song, but different cues of praying in tongues—not just saying things and going on autopilot praying in the spirit, but flowing in the spirit when you're praying.
And when you hit certain notes and you feel it, it pushes.
I don't have my mic.
Can they hear you?
They said they couldn't.
Well, I don't remember what I said.
Where you meet each other in prayer, and I was just saying where His will becomes your will and your will is His will.
I don't know.
I think you repeated what I said.
That's good.
Next time I'll grab this.
I just know there's a place that we need to come up higher.
Being the way we are and expecting different results is not going to get it.
I don't want to lose a generation.
I don't want to see another generation not experience the glory like they did in the 1940s with Kathryn Kuhlman and that era of people, Jack Coe.
And I want to be that next generation so bad that He's looking in and pointing at us.
And He said, "The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect toward Him," instead of looking at Billy Burke as a unicorn.
It's like I told, he's like the last unicorn.
How many times you go to a service and feel the presence of God like that?
Whenever I go to his meetings, I say he's the last unicorn—truly.
And I said, "Well, Bren, I've experienced it.
" I have too.
But there's a purity with certain people and you're looking for authentic purity versus a lot of self-performance.
I'm so tired of performance Christianity where you use the anointing as a toy and they play around with it.
I don't see that.
I see authentic.
I see purity and I see somebody that I don't see very often.
I'm telling you, I go around the circuit and I'm around people now in the green room and you go, "I'm looking for authenticity and purity in folks.
" I want more.
And I'm sure they're looking at me saying, "Well, who are you?
" But I'm just like, "Man, I'm just the new guy on the street.
I'm the new guy on the block; I'm just watching and wanting to learn.
" And I look at things and I go, "I just want an authentic move of God.
" I see the desperation of these people and the homeless community here in Tulsa.
And there's so many of them strung out on fentanyl and they're doped over and they don't even know where they are, man.
They're just wasted.
And I thought it's becoming more and more.
I told them, I said, "How many did you count today?
" It's like there's a good 20 of them all just walking around spread out in this little area.
And people are just drugged out of their minds.
And I thought they're trying to escape a reality.
They're trying to quiet their minds.
Because she even said, "I can't—there's certain people you cannot even sleep without noise.
You've got to have noise.
" And I'm guilty of it—the fan or whatever—but we get so scared of the quiet, we don't even want to hear it because that's where, "Be still and know that I am God.
" And it convicted me because I was like, man, I always have my fan going or some kind of noise machine, music, or something.
Somebody always has to have something.
A lot of people use music all the time.
They always have something going to give that place for Him.
So, I don't know where we're going with all this.
It's over an hour now, I guess.
But I just try to bring that stirring inside of you to come up higher with the fire, to come up with a greater relationship with our Lord.
He wants so much more for you.
He wants so much more for us.
But the only way you're going to get there is losing yourself in Him.
That's the only thing that's ever going to get there is losing yourself in Jesus.
And I see it.
It's almost like I got so repulsed.
I was flat mad at the guy in New York.
I was just like, "Oh no.
" You know, when you have that bulldog—I know what I'm standing for, Jesus—it's undignified.
I don't know what word I'm looking for, but that's not right.
And we must fight for what Jesus has for us or we'll lose the whole thing.
I thought it is just one domino at a time.
And I know the church gets upset about stuff and they think, "Brandon, you need to calm down.
" I've been told a lot, "You're too radical.
You say too much.
" I'm not radical enough.
You're too lukewarm.
I want to be bold and chase the giant just like David and say, "Listen, who are you to try to defile...
" He was full.
What was he filled with?
He was filled with the Lord.
He was filled with the covenant.
To chase a giant that's 13 or 14 feet high, and he's a little dude and you've got a slingshot in your hand.
He has a spear and a sword and a big shield and he's coming after you, and you're like, "I'm coming at you.
" He has a slingshot.
That's full of something.
You know, most people say that guy's crazy.
"Run!
He's chasing a giant in armor with a slingshot.
" But he was full.
You don't do that empty.
You do that full.
That's why the Lord said to me, "Brandon, you must remain full.
" And even what Billy Burke is going to say, "Let your full fight for you.
" That's a beautiful sermon.
He needs to title his sermons.
Seriously, so I can go back and find, "Let your full fight for you.
" Because your full will talk.
He said like when you go to a restaurant, you come from a place of hunger.
I'll have to listen to that over and over again.
Keep yourself stirred up in these last days.
But what the Lord was saying to me, and it kind of went along with that, is that my people must remain full in the days ahead.
They cannot go without being full.
And so we should pray.
These people come here to pray, not hear us talk.
But Father, I thank You.
We just worship You.
I pray a little bit and I talk a little bit because when I get inspired, I say something.
This is what you gotta do.
We've got to do this.
We've got to become bolder yet.
Help me, Father.
Help me.
Create in me a clean heart.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the Holy Ghost and fire dwells on the inside of us and we stir ourselves up tonight.
I see rocks on a waterfall and the waterfall is completely turned off.
I see the rocks that are dry and they have moss growing on them.
But all of a sudden, when I started talking about the water in the river, that water started trickling, that water started flowing.
And what was once dry in a lot of you is becoming a major waterfall.
Now, I stopped to tell you what I saw, but I'll pray more.
All the rocks had moss on them, and they were beautiful on the side of this mountain.
And all of a sudden, just a little water started coming over.
Come unto Him and drink.
Come to the water.
There is a vast supply.
Oh Father, come to the fountain that never shall run dry.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
You are that fountain.
You are the river of living water, that waterfall.
I don't know the words to that song, but that's the song he was singing: "Come to the water, come to the river that flows deep inside.
Thank You, Father, for You are the vast supply.
" Father, You are the vast supply.
And we lack no good thing when we're attached to the source.
The vine and the branch.
There's a river and it flows deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Come to the water.
There is a vast supply.
There is a river that never shall run dry.
It says, "And there was a thirsty woman.
She was drawing from a well.
You see, her life was ruined and wasted and her soul was bound for hell.
" Oh, but then she met the Master and He told her her sin and He said, "If you drink this water, you'll never thirst again.
" There is a river and it flows from deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Oh, come to the water.
There is a vast supply.
There is a river that never shall run dry.
Those old songs.
Oh, Father, we know You're the vast supply.
We come to the water tonight and we drink.
We hear the Master calling, "Come and dine.
" We hear the Master calling, "Let's come and dine.
" We thank You, Father, that You turn the water into wine.
Oh, Father, we give You praise and glory.
Can you find that one?
"Can you hear the Master calling, come and dine?
He turned the water into wine.
" Oh Father, we give You praise.
We thank You for the drink.
We thank You, Father, that those that are thirsty right now, that we don't lose our saltiness.
That Father, we are more salty yet, that we bring the people to drink.
And Father, we thank You, Lord, for stirring in every single person here tonight.
Father, that they take the care out of their prayer, their worry.
Just like You said in Your word, "Be careful for nothing.
" Father, we're careful for nothing today because we're in complete trust.
We're trusting confidently in You that You know what we need before we even know we need it.
You know what we need even before we need it.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The biggest heart's desire for Diana and I and my children is to know you more.
Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed.
He invites his chosen people to come and dine.
His manna he doth feed and supplies our every need.
Oh, it's sweet to sup with Jesus all the time; come and dine.
The Master calls, "Come and dine.
" May you feast at Jesus' table all the time.
He who feeds the multitudes turns the water into wine; to the hungry, call now, "Come and dine.
" That's the way it is.
It's an old song; I love that.
I remember that when I was a little boy.
Old-school songs like that mean something.
They stick; they're like meat—they stick to your bones.
They stick to your bones spiritually, and you always go back to them.
I was just a little kid, but you can still hear them ringing in your head from when we went to church.
Mom and Dad, I remember hearing those songs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you take us to the brush arbor churches.
You take us, Father, to the people who are just hungry for a tent revival.
We're hungry, Father, for church unusual—not performance, but just church unusual.
Thank you for the church unusual, where we just sit at your feet and we can say we could just sit with you a while.
If we could just sit with you a while, Father, we know that you know everything we need before we even need it.
We sit with you a while because you inhabit the praises of your people.
And where you are, Father, you said, "I supply all your needs.
If I take care of the lily of the field and the sparrow of the air, how much more will I take care of you?
" That's the place of being fully persuaded that no matter if you got a bad doctor's report today, if you got laid off from your job, or if your wife or husband filed for divorce today and said, "Here's the papers.
I don't want to be married anymore.
I'm taking the kids with me.
" There's a place in pain, and there's a place where God knows right where you are and how empty and hurt you are, and he wants to heal that pain right now.
You got that doctor's report and the doctor said you're going to die, or you've only got this much time to live, and you're sitting there looking in the middle of the night and clicking on this video right now, saying, "I feel so alone and I'm so afraid to die.
" But there's hope.
There's light at the end of the tunnel.
Don't give up.
Even if you have that report, it's until your last breath.
And even then, you have victory if you know Jesus Christ.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Regardless, I say, "I refuse to fear.
" That's what you say: "I refuse to fear.
" Regardless of what the doctor says, regardless of your circumstances, regardless of what my bank account says.
You might be one who's been laid off for five or six weeks now, and your bank account has nothing in it.
You're looking at it going, "I've got bills due in the next couple of days.
I've got to pay my car payment.
I've got to have food.
I've got to have stuff for my kids.
" But all I know is I've been working and they haven't paid me.
Your circumstances might look really dark right now.
You might have been laid off from your job and you can't find work.
Your husband might be laid off.
But all I know is that the Bible says I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
And we just trust confidently in what you said you would do.
Father, if you take care of Elijah with a raven with a meal and you took care of him until the brook ran dry, and you said, "Go to the place called 'there'.
" It could be God's trying to tell you to go to your place called "there.
" Where is your place called "there"?
It may not be right where you are right now.
He might be saying, "Hey, you need to go over here now.
" If the raven stopped bringing the food and the brook dried up, where's your new place called "there"?
Don't stay by the water.
If he would have stayed by that riverbank waiting for it again, he would have starved to death eventually.
But God said, "Pick yourself up and go to a place called 'there'.
" So you have to be asking yourself right now, if the raven stopped bringing the food, where's my provision and where's my place called "there"?
Asking the Father where the next place of provision is.
And it may be several hundred miles away.
Who knows?
But what I know is this: God is a God who rewards those that diligently seek him.
He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him, and those that seek him will find him and that place of provision.
It could be the raven or the widow.
And all you have to do is she's going to make that little thing, and God's going to abundantly supply out of a seed to sow.
God produced a major harvest for a widow.
It took an act of faith to believe the man of God, to sow into it, to believe God for the harvest.
Her oil never ran dry for the whole season.
Look at what God did.
But it took faith to believe that the man of God was right.
So wherever God's told you to be, be at that place called "there"; the provision is always there.
When you're listening to the Master, he will always provide for his own.
But it's us going to that place.
I don't know who that was for, but that came right up out of my spirit.
Ain't that neat?
That was cool.
I like that myself.
Thank you, Father, for always taking care of your people.
Thank you, Father, for the healings that flow.
Thank you, Father, that right now...
whatever they need...
this might sound really gross to some, but you've been battling really bad constipation.
I see somebody who is bloated so bad from constipation and hemorrhoids, and this is going on with you so bad.
That's going to sound really nasty to some, but I'm telling you, if you're dealing with this, it doesn't sound nasty.
It's very painful.
And the Lord wants to bring relief to you.
It's at the place of obedience—of what he told you to do that you've not done.
It's something so simple to fix this in your diet.
You've had chronic constipation and the Lord said he's already spoken to you and you've not done what he's told you to do.
You're crying out for an answer that he's already told you, in that still small voice on the inside of you, and you say, "Well, what is it?
" But you were on the right road and you were doing it, and then you backed away from it.
It's like they say, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away," but this is something to do with fluids, drinking more water.
You're dehydrated and you're crying out, and you have this chronic constipation because you don't drink enough water.
Water, water, water.
Your body is not able to get that stool going because you're so dehydrated.
Isn't that interesting?
Drink water.
Drink more water.
You drink a lot of sodas, a lot of carbonated drinks, but it's like drinking liters of water.
Drinking the water, and whatever else the Lord is telling you to do.
But I see the water beside this; I see water and then I see the constipation issue.
It's like you see equal signs.
The vision has somebody bending over and doing this, and I see an equals sign and then I see liters of water.
Lots of water, like liters of water, and they're next to the person.
Awesome.
The person is doing this and is in pain; it's like no water, and that's the vision.
It's very interesting when I see that, but the water is in little bottles.
Isn't the Lord awesome?
Yes, He is.
It's really interesting to me the way He talks to Mike through whatever He uses.
He cares so much for His people.
You're crying out and they have hemorrhoids, they're bleeding and having all these problems.
Just drink water.
And you say, 'Drink more water, you're a very dehydrated person.
' Something so simple, but this person may think that it's something super serious, like they need to go to doctors and spending money, and He's like, 'You're dehydrated.
' You are so awesome.
I think we all should drink more water.
I should drink more water, you need to drink more water, I need to drink more.
You want some more water?
Your water's almost gone.
I know; I drink it because I'm talking.
You need it more than me.
We don't drink enough water.
But isn't that interesting the Lord talks about that?
Well, I think I'll drink more water today.
He's so wonderful.
He's like, 'I made us.
' Humans are supposed to drink a lot of water, but we're not drinking enough water.
And the Lord says you're constipated and have hemorrhoids because of this.
I think that's really an easy fix.
Nobody really likes to drink that much water because it doesn't taste that good, but I drink it all the time because it keeps my mouth wet when I talk.
But we're losing hydration.
This person the Lord just showed me in this vision, you have these hemorrhoids and all this stuff going on with you, which sounds really gross, but it's the truth of what the Lord is showing.
We drink too much coffee, we drink too many things.
And we think, 'Why are you constipated?
' and 'Oh, there's something wrong with me, it's colon cancer or whatever,' and it's like you're just dehydrated.
The enemy will try to plant seeds of fear because you Google things too much.
I'm speaking out of experience.
You said, 'I'm putting Google away.
' I took a bath with it.
What are you doing?
I should have got you a straw.
Sorry.
Well, it's all right; it's better than nothing.
I appreciate you helping me.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for whatever else You have for us.
This has been very different tonight, but it's just coming out of a place where He said, 'Just staying fresh and hydrated.
' Again, be full for the people in the church to get up and get ready for what's coming.
The harvesters need to be ready.
You have to fight, like Billy Burke said, from a place of full.
You cannot fight empty.
Let your full fight for you.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
We arise and we shine.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, oh God.
Father, we stand underneath that waterfall that we saw at the beginning of this.
We stand underneath the Holy Ghost waterfall.
Father, we just get drenched by the fresh move of the Spirit of God in these last days.
We're not people that are dry, barely getting by spiritually, but Father, we're in the place of overflow with the Holy Ghost and fire flowing through us.
Father, we lay hands on the sick and we see them recover.
I thank You, Lord, for that Holy Ghost waterfall.
We stand underneath it and get drenched with the fresh presence, the fresh touch.
Everyone needs just one touch, one visitation, just one touch of the Lord, and they'll never be the same.
If they just get one fresh touch of the Holy Ghost, they'll never be the same.
I don't want to be where I am right now even next week.
I want to go up higher with the fire.
I want to have a different expectation, a new revelation of the Holy Ghost and fire on our lives.
If He did it for me once, He'll do it for me again.
I thank You, Father, as we come up with You to the throne of God.
The Lord says we pray over Donald Trump's Trump Tower tonight, and we plead the blood over the security, over the building, every asset, every hotel, every building, every complex over Donald Trump's assets.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
Every terror plot, every conspiracy, everything that would try to come to kill, steal, and destroy in New York, Chicago, Miami, and every other building, over every golf course.
No matter how many people plot, how much they plan to try to kill, steal, and destroy, I thank You, Lord, that the angels of aid and assistance go right now in the name of Jesus and protect his golf courses and buildings.
No fires, no calamity, no bombs, nothing shall come near them.
I pray a hedge of blood around and about Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr.
, Eric, Ivanka, and Barron, and over Tiffany.
Forgive me, Tiffany.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that Tiffany is even protected.
Lord, we pray a hedge of protection over Melania, Tiffany, and over Mar-a-Lago, over the parties that they're going to have over the holiday season.
We thank You, Lord, the Secret Service would be more attentive than ever before.
They must not become lax.
They must protect President Trump.
I pray over Mar-a-Lago.
I pray over any events, over his family, over Don Jr.
, over Kai, even over Barron, over this young man.
We pray a hedge around and about his son that the Kennedy curse would be broken.
Ready at all times.
During the holiday season, you must be sober-minded.
Watch your surroundings, my son.
We pray over him.
Where is this place?
I see white drapes, chandeliers.
He's wearing a black tuxedo.
He has something in his hand.
Looks like a drink.
We know Trump doesn't drink alcohol.
What is it?
I see this glass that looks like it has gold at the top.
There's real gold at the top of this glass.
It's like a golden glass goblet, like fine crystal.
There are white tablecloths and beautiful centerpiece arrangements.
These women are dressed up in ball gowns.
The men are in black tuxedos.
They're all dressed up very nice.
We pray protection over President Trump.
We pray over him, his sons, and his daughters.
We pray over his family and all of them.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, over every party, every get-together, and any kind of celebration.
We pray a hedge of protection that his Secret Service is more attentive, even to the ones in the room just because they passed security.
I don't understand it in the natural, but we thank you, Lord, that President Trump is protected.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper.
Every plot and plan will be uncovered in the name of Jesus, even at black-tie events.
We pray over Don Jr.
in the name of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus surrounds him.
He will finish his course; he will live long and finish strong.
We pray over his heart, over every artery, and over the valves of the heart.
We call for protection in the name of Jesus over his food and drinks.
I believe we can pray over his drinks, the goblet, and everything that is ever handed to him.
You said we could eat or drink any deadly thing and it would not harm us.
Everything he eats and drinks is protected in any place, any palace, or any country.
I pray that any kind of poison or any attempt to make it look like a natural accident fails.
Every plot, every plan, and every pursuit is uncovered.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect President Trump and raise a hedge around him.
I thank you that his Secret Service members are so heightened and alert; they never let their guard down.
They are like bulldogs, always watching everyone's hands and those bringing refreshments.
They are smart, watching over what he eats and drinks.
He has food tasters, whatever—we protect him in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for our president.
He has much more to do, and you have mercy on him.
Draw him close to you in the midnight hour.
He, his marriage, and his kids need refreshing.
They've had a hard road, and I ask you to give them supernatural sleep.
I pray over Don Jr.
, Eric, and the kids.
I thank you for the angels that watch over them.
You said you were going to double their money.
I saw a doubling and tripling of Eric Trump's investments concerning everything the devil stole.
He's going to restore it back double and triple in Jesus' name.
The Lord says you can move on; we have covered that.
There is something concerning Venezuela; that's where we're headed now.
There is an escalation of things, like in Iraq, a removing and pulling down of governments.
Look for an increase.
They are looking for an opportunity, and you see Putin coming to the aid.
It's about BRICS.
They're playing chess; it's 3D or 4D.
People need to realize they are just trying to outwait his term.
They think they can bypass this for three years.
They don't think about Jesus coming; they're just thinking, 'How do we get through until he's gone?
' They have a plan that's beyond his term, looking into 2028 and beyond.
Church, use this opportunity.
Fall of 2027 is circled.
These evil men—I see Xi Jinping—think if it worked once, it'll work again.
Glory to God, the church has victory.
We must pray for the fall of 2027, November and December.
The church must use the opportunity I've given them today.
I see the church rising, but it's a different world than what you can imagine, coming out of great sorrow, pressure, and civil unrest.
We pray over our president and his decisions.
I see the number 2032.
It instantaneously skipped from 2028 to 2032, and 2032 is highlighted.
That's a four-year term window.
He only shows me what He wants to show me.
I had a vision in 2023 of the clouds, and I'm seeing them again.
It stopped and I am not allowed to get into 2028 and 2029.
There is something going on in this timeframe; it is like a cloud.
The Lord said, "Go back to Kim, Braden.
The vision of Kim in 2027 and 2028.
" There is something around this, and I have to call Donna and ask her.
2028 is highlighted; it is about the church.
I see electricity and bolts of lightning coming out of a cloud.
I see a major storm coming, a very bad storm.
What will you do with the time that I have given you?
For a storm is coming again.
What have you done, church?
What will you do with the time I have given you?
Why do I see Billie Eilish at the Super Bowl?
Why do I see this young girl?
I see events coming; they are coming.
The storm is even revolving around people in an auditorium, a football stadium like the Super Bowl.
I see people with their phones.
It is an open dome.
There is great witchcraft here, some kind of demonic presence.
I have been praying for this girl's salvation, that she would be radically born again and have a visitation from Him.
I see Kim Clement's face, lightning, and a cloud.
Time is running out.
I hear the Father say, "Time is running out.
" When I get to 2028, I see a bad storm, but the view is blocked past that into 2029.
There is a wall there.
Arise, church!
I see a whirlwind, a cloud, and lightning.
Why do I see Kim Clement playing his piano?
I see a four-year window here; I keep seeing 2032 highlighted.
The storm is around 2027 and 2028.
What will you do with this window of time?
I extended it, but what will you do with it?
I see Trump in a boat, paddling against a current called the Great Depression.
He is fighting to keep America from going over a waterfall.
The canoe says "USA" and he is paddling as fast as he can to keep the boat from going over the edge.
I am giving you more time.
What have you done with it so far?
I see an hourglass and the sand is going through it.
I saw a football stadium with no roof.
Maybe it was not the Super Bowl, but it was a massive football stadium.
I do not want to automatically assume it is the Super Bowl, but it looked like that.
The lights and the party atmosphere made it look like a Super Bowl.
Billie Eilish was wearing a white shirt and dancing low to the ground; it was very demonic.
I saw a whirlwind and heard a storm.
I saw Kim Clement playing his piano with electricity around him.
We must pray for President Trump, for his heart, his health, and his protection.
I saw a beautiful black-tie event with feathers in the centerpieces and women in sequin dresses.
I was there in the spirit today.
I was talking to you, but I was so deep into the vision that I had to have Diana hold me to keep me grounded.
I can smell it and taste it.
It sounds weird in the natural, but I go to the future in the spirit and I see a storm.
I see all these things coming, but it stopped around Xi Jinping, and they're going to release another virus.
They're going to do something to try to derail the election in 2028.
I saw a major plan to derail the election in 2028.
And if we don't pray for the church going into 2028, I saw a lot of people die and I was there.
The storm is beyond anybody's comprehension.
We must pray for the church on this channel and intercede for what I just saw.
2020, 2027, 2028—we must pray because it will make COVID look like a walk in the park.
2029, I couldn't see past; it was a black line, but then it skipped and there were clouds, and I could see these clouds—kind of like after a storm, kind of like when you're looking into a storm—but then it went clear to 2032 and it was circled too.
I don't know why, but the numbers were highlighted before me.
I'm not saying the rapture is not taking place, because you'll have these people getting mad and throwing eggs at me.
I'm not saying that.
I don't know why I saw what I saw.
I don't know yet.
But I've seen it again, and I've been there before.
My son has a record of it in 2023.
I went there before and I haven't been there since.
December 16th, 2023, I went there.
But when I go out that far like that, it's just really wild for me.
I'm just telling y'all, there are days of heaven on earth for the body of Christ because I could see the glorious church in all this.
I could see the church operating like a church, but it comes out of great pressure.
The church right now is a bunch of babies compared to what I saw coming.
And you think, 'Well, everything is great, Brandon, because we're going to get out of here for the rapture of the church.
' You are wrong.
You are wrong.
And I believe in the rapture more than 99.
9% of you.
But there is a shaking that comes before the rapture, and it's about to happen.
I'm telling you all, you need to get your cup full.
You don't want to hear that, but I'm telling you the truth.
There's a shaking.
There's a storm.
It's not church usual; it's church unusual.
And you're going to see the people come out of a slumber; they've all been asleep, and the church is going to get woken up.
You're going to see a shaking to awaken, and people are not going to want...
it's not church usual.
It felt like the Great Depression around me when I was in it.
It felt to me like a financial Armageddon.
It felt like the church—there were certain people that had the money, but I could feel the darkness.
I could feel the sadness.
It was heavy.
I could feel the heaviness.
And the church was rising.
There was a Pentecostal church.
It was glorious.
People were coming to Jesus by the tens of thousands.
They were coming because people were desperate.
They were scared.
It was a shaking—earthquakes, signs in the heavens.
You're seeing it.
We're at the beginning of sorrows.
We've not seen things like this—what we're about to see.
I'm done tonight.
I'm tired now.
But it hits you hard because you see people and you see it all going into the future like that and I just go, 'Oh no.
' The world is...
the only way I can describe it to you is I see lots of purples and I see lots of colors like that on the people and in the sound.
I was in England.
I was going through England.
I could see Europe.
I was going through Europe.
I could see war.
I could see things happening so fast as I was traveling along.
I'm not able to communicate it to you by words.
I'm praying and I'm seeing things, and I tell you little things, but it's all happening so fast.
It's like I'm going through a speed and it's just flying by.
And that's why I say I keep seeing Kim Clement, and he was there, praying and playing his piano, but he's been dead since 2015.
He passed away.
Why am I seeing this man praying around?
Is he in the great cloud of witnesses praying for 2027, 2028?
I don't know.
But he was at the base of the storm and he was playing.
He was praying and he was prophesying in 2027, 2028.
He was prophesying, and he was playing his piano, and I could hear him singing 'The Mountain of the Lord.
' It was moving, a move of God, but he was praying and he was prophesying over 2028 and 2027.
It was like he was still here, but he's not.
I was like, 'Why is he at the base of these years?
' Because I could see the years ahead above his head, and he was praying into that timeframe for America.
He must be praying in heaven, interceding.
Something's happening in the great cloud of witnesses, like I saw with Lucy and with Sister Wilkerson; they were interceding for Minnesota.
But this time I saw Kim Clement praying into that storm.
He had a red shirt on.
He looked really nice, young.
I pray the Lord keeps me safe and protects me and my wife and my children.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you do for us.
I pray the church wakes up.
I pray you get serious and full of God and He becomes real to you.
God bless you all.
If you don't know my friend Jesus, you must know Jesus.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you must know Him.
If you've never confessed Jesus, tonight's your night.
I know this to an unbeliever probably is way out there, but I'm telling you, there are realms of the spirit.
There are places with the Holy Spirit where He will become your best friend.
But you must know Him.
Or you could be one of the ones watching right now who used to be on fire for the Lord, but you got mad at the church and turned your back on God.
You've been backslidden.
God's never turned His back on you; you turned your back on Him.
But tonight's the night He wants you to come home.
I'm going to say a simple prayer right now.
If you're saying, 'Brandon, you're talking to me; I just want to know Jesus,' I want you to get bold about your faith and say in the comment section, 'I want to be saved.
' It's appointed unto man once to die.
Like I told you, you don't know the day you're going to die.
None of us do.
The undertaker might be taking your shoes off tonight.
No one's promised tomorrow.
Say this simple prayer after me: 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
' Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me of all of my unrighteousness, all the bad I've done.
I confess it before you right now and I ask you to forgive me of it.
Jesus, wash me.
Make me new.
Jesus, tonight I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
From this day forward, I serve you.
I'm sold out to you, Lord.
I ask you to forgive me and I thank you, Lord, that today is a new start.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that today is my new beginning.
In the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you just said that prayer, I believe that you got born again.
I believe that today is a new beginning.
What do you do?
You go to a non-denominational church after this.
I'd find a non-denominational church.
Tell that pastor, 'I just got born again on the internet and I need to be water baptized.
' Get baptized and plug into that church.
Go to church on Sundays.
Go to church on Wednesdays.
Whatever you can do to get plugged in there.
Volunteer.
Do whatever you can to learn about Christianity and what you've done today to accept Jesus Christ in your decision.
Read your Bible every single day.
Pray and come here and pray with us.
If you don't have a Bible, we'll buy you your first Bible.
If you can't afford a Bible, if you don't have a Bible, we want to celebrate your decision tonight to give Jesus Christ your heart to serve the Lord with all your heart from this day forward.
We want to celebrate your decision tonight by giving you your first free Bible.
I want you to go to the description where you'll see our email address.
If you just put in the title 'I just got saved' and your name and address, we will get a Bible to you in the mail just to say congratulations.
So we want to love on you and thank you for joining us again tonight.
I don't know how many got saved tonight, but we pray somebody did.
And if you did, we rejoice with you.
And if not, there'll be probably some later on watching this and get saved.
But we had 43 so far who got saved is what it said.
Ain't that interesting?
It's always this 43-some-odd people.
Glory to God for every single one of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
We pray that this video richly blessed you and this stirred you up.
If you could, we never ask you to do anything, but we do ask you to do this: like, subscribe, and comment down below something nice.
If this video blessed you tonight, let us know.
It blessed me.
I'll be real with you; it troubled me in the natural a little bit about what I saw coming, but I know that God has us, and he'll never leave us.
He'll never forsake us.
We need to keep our eyes on Jesus.
There's a lot going on.
So, we're excited you came tonight.
I pray.
Do they have any questions at all?
They're saying in the Bronx in New York, they're positive that the van caught fire.
That's not good, for what I've seen is just the beginning.
I saw New York burning.
I saw it burning everywhere, so much so that it looked like something out of a bad movie.
There were fires burning everywhere.
The big buildings were burning, and it looked like something out of a—it was terrible, what I saw coming to New York.
The Lord said, 'Go back to David Wilkerson's prophecy about the fires and the things coming to New York.
All these years they've been delayed.
' And you may think I'm really a negative person, but I am not.
I am not.
I'm a very positive person.
But I have to tell you what I see.
Out of things that you choose, out of people's choices, they'll get what they wanted, but they won't like what they get.
You'll get what you asked for, but it's not what you thought.
It's not what you thought.
So, there's so many of you here tonight.
6,000—I don't know if that's still left.
5,000—so, a thousand left.
Quite a few left.
Well, now the call comes, but that's it.
Well, God bless you all.
Remember, we love you and we will see you again tomorrow.
More than likely, tomorrow is our Thursday.
I try to keep praying with y'all.
I dedicate this time for you to pray with you and to see what the Lord wants to tell you what's coming outside of our own personal prayer time.
But we're so excited that you're part of it and we're so excited that you're here every time.
Thank you for joining us.
I know it's really late, but it's the time I have to give you after I work and I do all things during the day.
I told Diana it's harder for me to do it in the earlier part.
But we try really hard to make it an effort every day to try to pray with y'all.
And so we're thankful for every single one of you.
And we pray that blessed you and that you got stirred up a little bit or whatever and get refreshed.
I'm still a little out of it.
It's pretty intense tonight for me.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.